Harvard was a school designed to train
people into the religion called
ministers in order to study the Bible in
order to spread the truth of the Bible.
Now Harvard then would encourage
development of other universities uh
Yale, Princeton. Okay. And collectively
they would be known as the Ivy League.
But over time as America became more
wealthy it became also less religious
and so the Ivy League became social
clubs. These were just places where the
rich of America went to become friends.
These guys did not study. They drank.
They dressed up like girls. They had
wild parties. They played football. They
took risks. They became good friends.
And they they went on to become the
leaders of America. If you were rich,
you went to these social clubs called
the Ivy League. If you think about it,
over time, they become less and less
relevant because just because you're
rich doesn't mean you're smart. All the
smart people are going to to Chicago and
John Hopkins. And so over time, we can
expect Chicago and John Hopkins to
overtake the Ivy League. Okay? And
that's why Harvard decided to in to
institute scholarship programs. So he
wanted more smart people into campus.
Okay. And this created something called
the SAT.
Okay. This is the origin of the SAT. The
SAT was founded as a scholarship program
to identify the best and brightest
students from all over America so that
they can come to Harvard and help
Harvard be the best university in the
world. Before their kids just just their
kids could just go to Harvard and have a
great time. Now it's hard for them to
get in. They have to take a test. and
also they're in class with smarter
people. On one hand, it wants the best
students in America, but on the other
hand, it still wants to maintain good
relations with its alumni. So that's why
it created a new system. Now it's
focused on holistic,
specifically character. Just being smart
is not good enough. You have to be a
good person. But this word was created
to basically keep Jews out. Okay? We
need people who are manly, who are
strong, who are brave. We need white
people. And that's why we have the
system that we have today where it's not
just test scores, it's essays, it's
transcript, it's teacher recommendations
because they want to identify the Jews
and keep them out. Okay. The purpose of
all these changes is to ensure that
Harvard remains the institution of power
in America. Harvard's not interested in
academics. It's interested in power.
Therefore, it must ensure that the
people who come to Harvard are the ones
who are most likely to succeed. You
could be the best student in the world.
They don't care. If they don't like you,
they'll just they'll just say, "We don't
want you." Okay? From Harvard's
perspective, best just means the most
likely to succeed. So, the majority of
students are still students who will be
successful no matter what. Why? Because
their families are rich. You let in the
child who had who comes from three
generations of Harvard graduates. Okay?
And that's a majority of of people who
get into Harvard. And then you let in
the athlete. Okay? So the athlete, the
legacy, these are the people who are the
majority. And then you have like 1%
of positions for people like me who like
you don't really know, but there's
potential there. So let's take a risk.
On an essay, you just wrote something
really interesting and they laughed and
it's like, okay, let's let's take a
chance on this guy. They have that 1% of
of positions available for risk. Okay,
this system, the meritocracy, the way
it's set up, it creates trauma.
Okay, so let me explain why. So, let's
look at University Yale.
Then we'll look at high school.
Okay? Then we'll look at parenting.
Okay? So, you think, oh, you get into
Yale, you can just coast, you're happy,
life is simple. Okay. The fact of the
matter is that when you get into Yale,
Yale is actually the Hunger Games. Have
you read the book, the Hung the Hunger
Games? It is a relentless competition
because once you're in Yale, you're
still competing, but now you you're
competing against the most competitive
people in the world. Okay? So maybe at
the school, you can be the best student.
Your parents love you. You have lots of
good friends. You had a student
government. You feel really good about
yourself. You go to Yale and you
recognize that you're a nobody. Your
parents are far away. and you're now in
competition with the best students from
all around the world who all want to
kill you because it's a zero sum game.
Okay, only strong or survive outside the
classroom. You're competing to get into
clubs and something called secret
societies.
Okay, but you're also competing for
graduate school, for law school, for
medical school, for scholarships like
the world scholarship. Okay, so Yale, it
sounds nice. Once you get in there, from
the first day, it's an endless pursuit
of achievement. It's just competition
after competition after competition.
Wherever you go, you're being judged by
someone, okay? You're being judged by
the professor or your classmates and
everyone's looking to like basically
kill each other. So, this is very
traumatic and it makes you so insecure
that you go through life thinking
thinking like life is just like that.
Everyone's an enemy. I have to achieve
and achieve in order to feel good about
myself.
I cannot stop working hard otherwise I
will be killed by other people. Okay. So
people guys from Yale have a deep sense
of insecurity even those who come from
the wealthiest families. They're always
looking to achieve and that's what Yale
wants. That's what Harvard wants because
these are the people who will be most
successful in life. Okay? They're not
happy with one $1 million. They want a
billion dollars. To get into Yale you
have to go for high school. and high
school has to train you for Yale. So
it's also a competition also a hunger
games to train you for high school the
your parents have to have a different
parenting system. Okay. So I'll give you
two examples of parenting. Okay. The
first system which is a healthy system.
You say to your child I love you
unconditionally. No matter what you do I
will support you. I will always be here
for you. And if you say that to your
child every day, your child will be
happy, fulfilled, secure in life. But
the person will probably end up as a
teacher. Now, you can also say to your
child, I don't have time for you, but if
you win the swimming competition or you
place first on your math test or if the
teacher say nice things about you,
they'll take you for ice cream. And so
it's a system that neglects
the child while at the same time demands
the child. Okay? And this is trauma.
Most kids will be traumatized by the
system. But there are some kids who will
thrive in the system and the trauma will
encourage them or drive them to achieve
and achieve and achieve so that they get
into Yale so they can compete the the
Hunger Games so they can go on in life
and compete some more. And this is what
we call the meritocracy.
And and as I'll explain to you later on,
it is destroying America and the world.
The success of the Harvard alumni is
just incredible. The most billionaires
in America, Harvard graduates, more
billionaires than any other place. Okay.
127 uh billionaires in 2024. Second is
Stanford. All right. No one else comes
close. $30 million. Still Harvard is
number one. Okay. All right. So, their
graduates are the most successful in
America. But it's not just rich people.
everyone in the American elite.
Okay, most of them are graduates of the
elite universities. Why the meritocracy
is so great. Um, it creates this extreme
inequality in America. It destroyed the
school system because all people care
about are the grades now, right? People
don't even care about learning anymore.
All they want are the grades. Uh,
traumatized children. Okay. Okay. If you
look at the rate of mental illness in
China, in America, it's just insane.
death of American dream and social
mobility. You're not gonna be richer
than your parents. You're just not. Uh
contribution of wealth, power, and
status in the 1%. The rich, the richest
get richer. Political divide between
left and right. Okay, so you have all
these political divisions right now in
America. Corruption. So Wall Street just
steals and steals and steals and no one
can do do anything about it. Destruction
of American identity, globalization,
immigration, woke ideology. Okay. Uh
incompetent mismanagement. You look at
COVID. You look at the fact that America
now has $37 trillion in debt. An elite
that is soulless, mediocre, and
unimaginative. Okay, Barack Obama, JD
Vance, this guy Johnny Kim. Okay,
they're just they're just robots. Oh,
and Donald Trump. Okay, so thank you
American meritocracy for destroying the
world. So
the real solution is to destroy the Ivy
League. Okay? And there are different
ways you can destroy the Ivy League. The
best way is to make them public, okay?
To make to to have for the government to
come in and control them. It's not going
to happen because Harvard, as you can
see, it's too powerful as well as Yale.
As an individual,
your best option is to recognize how
evil the system is and choose to learn
for yourself. Okay? Because when you go
to Yale or Harvard or Princeton, you
think you're learning, but you're not.
You're being indoctrinated and being
brainwashed and being traumatized to be
turned into basically a robot that's
only focused on success. So, you need to
recognize this. Be truthful to yourself
and focus on real learning.